## Change Logs

> [!WARNING]
> This is the first stable release of EML AdminTool! If you want to upgrade from a previous version, you should perform a clean installation. To do this, follow the instructions bellow. If you do not do a clean installation, you may encounter some issues.

### Changes

* Updated the upgrade system to be more reliable and faster.

### Bug fixes and improvements

* Fixed an issue where cached data was not using the correct URL.
* Fixed an issue where the server did not check if the database password was containing special characters.
* Removed useless data in `$lib/utils/db.ts` file.
* Updated dependencies to their latest versions.

### Known issues

* Error page/notification does not always display the corresponding error message.

## How to upgrade

### First-time setup

Please follow [this guide](https://emlproject.pages.dev/docs/required-knowledge) to install EML AdminTool for the first time.

### Upgrading from a previous version

To properly reinstall EML AdminTool, you need to follow these steps:

1. If EML AdminTool is installed on a VPS, access your EML AdminTool VPS via SSH.
2. Navigate to the EML AdminTool configuration directory (usually `~/.eml/admintool`).
3. Remove the EML AdminTool containers with `docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml down --rmi all -v`.
4. Delete the EML AdminTool configuration directory with `rm -rf ~/.eml`.
5. Follow the [installation guide](https://emlproject.pages.dev/docs/install-eml-admintool) to reinstall EML AdminTool.
